Day 1:
	Fade from black with animation to simulate getting out of bed
	VA: "Ahhhh what a lovely morning! Time to try out my new coffee machine, then get ready for work!"
	Task pops up: Make coffee
	Making the coffee requires turning on the machine, refilling the water, adding the beans, waiting
	for the coffee to come out. Each of these shows a task and has a VA line.
	"What an amazing coffee! Time to finish getting ready."
	Player showers, brushes teeth, heads out of door.
	Fade to black.
Day 2:
	Fade from black.
	"Urrggh, what a week. I definitely need that coffee this morning."
	The rooms are slightly messier, with coffee cans over the place, and the rubbish bin is full of
	coffee grounds.
	Machine is bigger, takes whole counter top.
	Need to refill water, empty grounds, refill water again, wait for coffee.
	Have shower.
	"Phew, I better have another coffee."
	Redo coffee.
	Brush teeth, leave.
	Fade to black.
Day 3:
	Fade from black. Mess everywhere.
	"This last week has been hell, I'm going to need all the coffee I can get!"
	Coffee machine dominates kitchen, has replaced counter top.
	Try to make coffee. Coffee machine asks for blood. Task: Use knife. Fade to black, then container full of
	red liquid.
	Make coffee. Have shower, full coffee in the machine. "Huh, I thought I drank that already..."
	After drinking, go to leave but VA: "You know what, I better have another coffee before I go. You know,
	for the road."
	After coffee, Coffee machine asks to empty grounds, grounds container is full of fingers. "What the... 
	I must still be half asleep. Those grounds looked like fingers!"
	Go to work.
Day 4:
	Fade from black. Mess still everywhere. Open door to kitchen, leads to long dark corridor full of empty 
	coffee cans and mounds of grounds. Flickering lights.
	Eventually reach end, leads to void with enormous coffee machine. Machine reads: SACRIFICE FLESH
	"I... I know what I need to do."
	Task: Appease the machine
	Climb to side, and jump in grinder.
	Fade to black, with grinding sounds. Fade into machine pouring a fresh coffee, with the scrolling words
	"ENJOY COFFEE".
	
	Roll Credits.
